---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
keywords: []
description: '2016-04-12: '
datePublished: '2016-05-10T23:12:43.056Z'
dateModified: '2016-05-10T23:12:42.668Z'
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
title: ''
author: []
starred: false
sourcePath: _posts/2016-05-10-2016-04-12.md
url: 2016-04-12/index.html
_type: Article

---
2016-04-12: 

my life as a bag lady. As minimalist as used to think of myself, my belongings that I have to carry around with me overwhelm me. 

every Monday I schlep the most: 

1. a bag of clothes for teaching yoga at noon
2. a bag of food for the week
3. computer bag - holding laptop, cord (which, I swear, weighs as much as the laptop), other weird things like the socks I took off at school
4. my purse - a small rectangular affair I like so much it's stopped me complaining that I like my wallet, but its too small for my phone. It holds my wallet, the phone, my sunglasses, a tube of Burt's Bees lipgloss, sometimes a hair band, and that's IT. light, easy to carry, and a snazzy, tough black and white abstract print and a zippy marigold lining - love that flash of color - and I hate yellow!
5. every day a starbucks cup to throw away - tho today I didn't do that (yay, me!) I took a mug of coffee so had that cup to bring back
6. a large cup with a lid and straw to hold iced tea 

sometimes on Tuesdays or Thursdays I actually go purchase more food - this year don't like soup, so keep carrying boxes of soup back and forth and never eating it. I eat hummus and chips or chunks of bell pepper 

on wednesdays I bring the clothes back, because only teach Mondays and Wednesdays 

on Friday afternoons I bring everything back: purse, computer bag, food bag, iced tea cup 

today it was as though SAW myself for the first time - what with being stressed and all the driving am eating too much - even in the car, which promised myself I wouldn't do - but not only my physical weight - why do I weigh myself down with all this crap every day? 

It's ridiculous! today the coffee cup dripped down my arm to my precious purse, the Whole Foods bag ripped, the weird apartment plastic key arrangement doesn't work unless take my wallet out of my purse and hold it up to the sensor - while dropping all my other bags - my shoulder continually feels like it's pulling out of the socket with the weight, i'm dropping the extra sweater needed for my cold classroom, and my pants are uncomfortable... 

this is no life, fellas! the job came so easily am still in shock - if only I'd known Friday? no, I was pretty relaxed all weekend - I don't regret that... 

the obvious thing is I don't absolutely HAVE to have the computer - so the whole computer bag could be left at home - one regret I had is yesterday bought a $25 software didn't really need - rarely really need my laptop at work anymore - can access everything from the web - mostly! 

it's habit - I like having it with me - like having instant access to all my stuff... 

but just think how lighter and freer it would feel to NOT have all that weight - just leave it at home? hmmmm... I'll have to give it back to the school soon, and need another one, unless MTC gives me one? 

but I don't have to CARRY this one, especially with everything so web-based anymore - the only thing don't have is devonthink - will miss that, but it's only for 6 weeks? 

the 'no starbucks if i get the job' worked pretty well - let me think on this one...